{
  "product": "Continuum",
  "thumbnail_url": "https://img.youtube.com/vi/bNy2ArYZW_k/maxresdefault.jpg",
  "title": "Beauty Studio",
   "tagging": {
   "category": [
      "Particles 2"
    ]
   },
  "video_id": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/video/upload/q_auto/v1610744975/particle-examples/720/new/PI_Sample_09.mp4",
  "date": "",
  "description": "Beauty Studio is a filter included in Continuum, the best post production plugin available. Made by Boris FX, Beauty Studio make is simple to add digital makeup, remove wrinkles, and more in your video footage.  ",
  "poster": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/v1610630779/particle-examples/posters/PI_Sample_09_00000016.jpg"
}
Quite often, in these days of cameras equipped with ultra sharp lenses and highly sensitive light sensors, we’re seeing more detail than ever before in images on screen. Akin to digital make-up, the [**Continuum Beauty Studio**](/products/continuum-filters/beauty-studio-filter-in-continuum/) filter was designed to automate the process of eliminating wrinkles, pores and other undesirable blemishes from the skin-tones in a close up shot of a person’s face.

There are two stages to the filter:

* Building an isolation matte for the skin-tone
* Smoothing the skin-tone.

Additionally, you can use the integrated color correction tools to modify the hue, saturation and brightness of the image. The color correction can be applied to the entire image or confined to the masked skin-tone.

The built in PixelChooser with integrated Mocha planar tracking allows for greater control over which areas of the image the filter should affect. Unlike many Continuum filters, **Beauty Studio** has the PixelChooser enabled by default with a color key enabled to begin isolating skin tones.  It is critical for optimum results in Beauty Studio to review and if necessary fine tune the skin isolation matte/mask generated by the PixelChooser.

**See more at the** [**Beauty Studio page**](/products/continuum-filters/beauty-studio-filter-in-continuum/)**.**