{
  "layout": "mocha2022",
  "title": "Mocha Pro 2022",
  "store": "true",
  "date": "2017-07-23T13:28:11.000+00:00",
  "description": "Mocha Pro is an award-winning planar tracking tool for motion tracking, rotoscoping, object removal, camera stabilization and general visual effects.",
  "key_color": "mocha",
  "buy_now_url": "/store/?collection=mocha-pro&product=mocha-pro",
  "overview": {
    "title": "AWARD-WINNING PLANAR TRACKING",
    "thumbnail_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/v1631115091/products/Mocha%20Pro/20Years_for_Webpage2.png",
    "video_url": "https://youtu.be/swA1eVboZ8A",
    "video_id": "swA1eVboZ8A",
    "content": "<p>Mocha Pro is the world renowned software for planar tracking, rotoscoping, object removal, stabilization, and mesh tracking. Essential to VFX and post-production, Mocha has been recognized with prestigious Academy and Emmy Awards for its contribution to the film and television industry.</p><p><b>New version 2022!</b> Boris FX is proudly celebrating the 20 year anniversary of our innovative planar tracking technology with a major new release.</p><p>Watch Video: 20 Years of Planar Tracking</p>"
  },
  "whats_new": [
    {
      "content": "<ul><li>Apple M1 boosts speeds on new Mac hardware</li><li><b>Adobe MFR Support</b> - AE Multi-Frame Rendering</li><li><b>VFX Platform 2021</b> with improved color management</li><li><b>Insert with PowerMesh</b>: Improved workflow for warped surface compositing</li><li><b>New Planar Tracking Features</b> deliver the highest quality tracking and roto results</li><li><b>New Exports</b> for Nuke, Silhouette, Alembic, and Mistika.</li></ul></p><p><a href=\"/videos/mocha-pro-2022-whats-new/\" target=\"_blank\">Watch Mocha Pro 2022 - What's New Video</a></p>",
      "title": "Performance, Speed & Features",
	  "wistia_whats_new": true
    },
    {
      "title": "Insert Module with PowerMesh",
      "content": "<p>The improved Insert Module features warped surface compositing driven by PowerMesh tracking for a new streamlined workflow.</p><p>Now mesh tracking can be rendered with motion blur! New workflow brings tracked insert compositing to editing hosts like Premiere, VEGAS, and Media Composer. Finish simple match moves in one AE effect without precomps! </p><p>Includes 12 new blend modes, improved render quality, motion blur, and new Grid Warp interface to bend/distort source elements.</p><p><a href=\"/videos/mocha-2022-new-insert-module-powermesh-tracking/\" target=\"_blank\">Watch Insert with PowerMesh Video</a></p>",
	  "wistia_whats_new_powermesh": true
    },
    {
      "title": "Improved Tracking Workflows",
      "image_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/v1631136654/products/Mocha%20Pro/Mocha2022_InterfaceUpdate.png",
      "content": "<p><ul><li>New! RGB channel tracking and RGB viewer controls</li><li>New! Multi-link layers and link mesh tracking to existing planar track layers</li><li>Improved! Quick Stabilize in viewer by layer for improved roto workflow</li><li>Improved! Dopesheet for keyframe editing, sliding and navigation </li><li>Improved roto exports for Nuke and Silhouette with split track and spline keyframes </li><li>New Exports! PowerMesh to Nuke Tracker and PowerMesh to Alembic transforms.</li></ul></p>"
    }
  ],
  "download_url": "/downloads/?&product=Mocha%20Pro",
  "carousel": [
	{
      "title": "NEW! MOCHA PRO 2022",
      "color": "white",
      "video_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/video/upload/q_auto/v1631297557/products/Mocha%20Pro/MochaPro2022BBallCaroselv1.mp4",
      "content": "CELEBRATING 20 YEARS OF PLANAR TRACKING<br><br>[DOWNLOAD](/downloads/?&product=Mocha%20Pro)"
    }
  ],
  "whats_new_title": "WHAT'S NEW IN MOCHA 2022",
  "presets": [

  ],
  "video_see_more_url": "",
  "features": {
    "content": ""
  },
  "specs": {
    "content": ""
  },
  "sections": [
    {
      "title": "FEATURES",
      "page_title": "WHY MOCHA PRO?",
      "type": "feature_side",
      "background": "Gray",
      "items": [
        {
          "title": "The Most Reliable Tracking",
          "content": "<p>Rock solid planar tracking is at the heart of all Mocha Pro modules. VFX artists turn to Mocha for its ease of use and reliability when faced with the most difficult shots.</p><p>Mocha is versatile, so use it the way you want...as a standalone application, or as a plugin in your favorite host. </p><p>Mocha Pro can export tracking, roto shapes, lens calibration and 3D data in a wide variety of formats, or render to file or back to your host.</p><p>Using <b>Mocha AE</b> in After Effects? View the <a href=\"#compare\">Compare Mocha Chart</a> to learn how <b>Mocha Pro</b> compares with other Mocha solutions</p>",
          "vid_autoplay": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/video/upload/q_auto/v1631296095/products/Mocha%20Pro/PlanarTrackingFeature1.mp4"
        },
        {
          "title": "PowerMesh",
          "content": "<p>PowerMesh enables a powerful sub-planar tracking process for visual effects and rotoscoping. Now Mocha Pro can track warped surfaces and organic objects, making it even more powerful for match moves and digital makeup shots. </p><p>PowerMesh is simple to use and faster than most optical flow based techniques.</p><p><ul><li>Render PowerMesh driven inserts as composites or RGBA cutouts.</li><li>Output a Reverse Warp/Stabilized view for advanced paint and VFX tasks.</li><li>Use PowerMesh to to drive roto shapes with less keyframes. </li><li>Export mesh vertices to After Effects Nulls, Nuke tracking, or Alembic for Flame, C4D, and more 3D support.</li></ul></p><p><a href=\"/videos/?tags=feature:PowerMesh&search=\" target=\"_blank\">Watch PowerMesh tutorials</a></p>",
          "vid_autoplay": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/video/upload/q_auto/v1631296690/products/Mocha%20Pro/PowerMeshFeature1.mp4"
        },
        {
          "content": "<p>Mocha’s masking workflow features tracked spline tools to speed up shape creation and reduce manual keyframes. Export or render roto to most popular host applications. </p><p>X-Splines and Bezier splines with <a href=\"/videos/mocha-pro-2019-5-new-edge-snapping-tools/\" target=\"_blank\">magnetic edge-snapping</a> assistance and <a href=\"/videos/area-brush-tool-mocha-pro-2020/\" target=\"_blank\">Area Brush</a> tool help create detailed mask shapes — without requiring drawing skills.</p><p><a href=\"/videos/how-to-use-mocha-pro-s-powermesh-to-rotoscope/\" target=\"_blank\">PowerMesh warped splines</a> deliver even more accurate results when masking organic moving objects like musculature, skin, fabrics, and more.</p><p><a href=\"/videos/create-roto-masks-with-less-keyframes/\" target=\"_blank\">Learn some Mocha masking tips</a></p>",
          "title": "Roto with Less Keyframes",
          "vid_autoplay": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/video/upload/v1631296801/products/Mocha%20Pro/Roto1.mp4"
        },
        {
          "title": "Plugin Option for Flexibility",
          "content": "<p>Mocha Pro’s integrated plugin option delivers an efficient workflow using the host’s media engine. Launch Mocha Pro from within your favorite hosts:</p><p><ul><li>Adobe After Effects & Premiere Pro</li><li>Avid Media Composer</li><li>OFX Hosts: Autodesk Flame, Foundry NUKE, Blackmagic Design Fusion, VEGAS Pro, HitFilm, SGO/Mistika, and <a href=\"/products/silhouette/\" target=\"_blank\">Boris FX Silhouette</a>.</li></ul></p><p>The plugin can be purchased by host.  A multi-host plugin license is included with standalone application and Boris FX Suite.</p>",
          "single_image_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1570053365/products/Mocha%20Pro/Mocha_Pro_Plugin_Hosts_2.png"
        },
        {
          "title": "Remove Objects and Wires",
          "content": "<p>Remove unwanted elements, wires, rigs, tracking marks, and 360 cameras. Generate clean plates for massive time-savings.</p><p>The Remove Module is an amazing alternative to traditional clone techniques for removing objects. It automatically detects temporal clean frames to blend and align pixels with little user input. It's like Content Aware on steroids! <a href=\"/videos/?tags=feature:Remove%20Module&search=\" target=\"_blank\">View all Remove Module tutorials</a></p><p><b>Mega Clean Plates!</b> Beyond object removal, this same technology can also be used to create a large, stitched image out of multiple frames. Learn more about Mega Plates.</p>",
          "single_image_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/v1631130787/products/Mocha%20Pro/WireRemove_placeHolder.png"
        },
        {
          "title": "Screen Inserts and Match Moves",
          "content": "<p>Render accurate match moves and screen inserts with realistic motion blur or warped distortions. The Insert Module can now be driven by PowerMesh and has improved compositing with higher quality sub-sampling and blend modes.</p><p>Redesigned Grid Warp tool can be used to bend and deform insert elements to match curved and distorted surfaces. </p><p>Insert also combines with Lens Module for realistic VFX compositing on lens distorted footage.</p><p><a href=\"/videos/?tags=feature:Insert%20Module&search=\" target=\"_blank\">View all Insert Module tutorials</a>.</p>",
          "single_image_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/v1631132473/products/Mocha%20Pro/MochaPro2022_InsertUpdate.png"
        },     
		{
          "title": "Stabilize Camera or Object Motion",
          "content": "<p>The Stabilize Module can lock down camera motion or stabilize based on select tracking layers. Export stabilized tracking data or render a stabilized clip.</p><p>With PowerMesh tracking enabled, the Stabilize Module can produce an inverse-warped flattened surface for paint fixes. Original motion is easily propagated back to the original.</p><p>For general editing, a smooth option with selectable anchor frames helps reduce high frequency jitters while maintaining original camera motion. Center, scale or crop stabilized footage based on user-driven tracking.</p><p><p><a href=\"/videos/?tags=feature:Stabilization&search=\" target=\"_blank\">View all Stabilize Module tutorials</a>.</p><p><a href=\"/videos/?tags=category:360/VR,feature:Stabilization,product:Mocha%20VR&search=\" target=\"_blank\">View 360/VR Horizon Stabilize tutorials</a>.</p>",
          "video_url": "https://youtu.be/NUxOki1hHKg",
          "video_id": "NUxOki1hHKg",
          "thumbnail_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1604940102/Stabilize.png"
        },
        {
          "title": "Work With Lens Distortion",
          "content": "<p>The Lens Module provides a simple and easy-to-use interface to calibrate the distortion introduced by camera lenses. Remove unwanted lens distortion or match it to composite realistically.</p><p>Lens Calibration data can also be exported and read into Nuke’s STMap node or other VFX applications.</p><p>360/VR: A simplified “Undistort/Distort” workflow makes mono or stereo clean-ups on equirectangular footage easy.</p><p><a href=\"/videos/?tags=feature:Lens%20Module\" target=\"_blank\">View all Lens Module tutorials</a>.</p>",
          "image_url7": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1570052982/products/Mocha%20Pro/Lens_A.png",
          "image_url8": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1570052982/products/Mocha%20Pro/Lens_B.png"
        },
        {
          "title": "Stereoscopic Workflow",
          "content": "<p>Stereo 3D planar tracking, masking, and object removal workflow.</p><p>Mocha supports native stereo 3D and 360/VR stereo formats. This unique workflow uses planar tracking analysis on “both eye views” to reduce manual offsets and tedious keyframe work on stereo 3D rotoscoping, tracking, 3D camera solve, and object removal.</p><p>Mocha Pro 2022 is the ultimate companion for stereo 360° projects in Adobe After Effects & Premiere Pro. <a href=\"/videos/mocha-vr-5.6-introducing-stereo-360-support/\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"Watch Video\">Watch Video</a></p>",
          "video_url": "https://youtu.be/ZrY4zBfgHf0/?rel=0",
          "video_id": "ZrY4zBfgHf0",
          "thumbnail_url": "https://img.youtube.com/vi/ZrY4zBfgHf0/maxresdefault.jpg"
        },
        {
          "title": "3D Camera Solver",
          "content": "<p>Solve 3D match moving capabilities with planar ease.</p><p>Unlike feature based camera tracking, Mocha solves the 3D camera based on user-selected planar data. This fast and easy-to-use solution is ideal for set extensions, 3D text, and particle tracking. Additionally the 3D solver can be used to assist other 3D tracking applications on difficult shots with low detail or significant foreground occlusions.</p><p>Export to FBX for <a href=\"/videos/3d-tracking-tutorial-mocha-pro-and-autodesk-flame/\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"Flame\">Flame</a> and <a href=\"/videos/mocha-pro-tutorial-3d-camera-solver-and-nuke-pt-1/\" title=\"Nuke\" target=\"_blank\">Nuke</a> support or install the free <a href=\"/downloads/?&product=Mocha%203D%20Track%20Importer\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"AE 3D Track Import plug-in\">AE 3D Track Import plug-in</a> to paste into an After Effects composition.</p>",
          "single_image_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1570052340/products/Mocha%20Pro/CameraSolver_THUMBNAIL.png"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "title": "360/VR",
      "type": "feature_side",
      "background": "White",
      "items": [
        {
          "title": "Optimized for 360/VR",
          "content": "<p>Award-winning 360° video tools for tracking and masking, horizon stabilization, Camera and Object Removal, Nadir Patching, and spherical video post.</p><p>A native mono and stereo 360° optimized workflow simplifies spherical video post-production challenges: work across seams with less pre-comps, nesting or rendering.</p><p><a href=\"/videos/?tags=category:360/VR,product:Mocha,product:Mocha%20Pro,product:Mocha%20VR&search=\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"360/VR videos\">View all 360/VR videos</a></p><p>Need 360 editing plug-ins for Avid, Adobe or OFX? <a href=\"/products/continuum-units/continuum-vr/\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"Continuum VR Unit\">Check out the Continuum VR Unit</a></p>",
          "image_url5": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1559590337/MochaPro360_A.png",
          "image_url6": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1559590340/MochaPro360_B.png"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "title": "TECH/SPECS",
      "type": "Content",
      "background": "Gray",
      "content": "<table class=\"table table-striped table-hover\">\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Product:<br><br>Release Number:</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>Mocha Pro 2022<br><br>2021.0.0</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong>macOS:</strong> X 10.12  - 10.15.16 or higher on Intel</p>\n<p><strong>Windows:</strong> Windows 7, 8, 8.1 or 10 on x64</p>\n<p><strong>Linux:</strong> CentOS 7 or a compatible Linux distribution on x86_64</p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Hardware:</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p>Recommended Hardware:</p><p>Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo or equivalent</p>\n<p>Memory: 16 GB +</p><p>Disk: High-speed disk array or NVMe SSD</p>\n<p>Graphics Card: NVIDIA Quadro K4000 or equivalent<br><a href=\"/support/supported-graphics-cards/\" target=\"_blank\">See support graphics card list</a></p><p>Monitor: 1920×1080 or higher</p><p>Network: Must have an enabled network adapter (wifi or ethernet)</p>\n<p>Minimal Requirements:</p><p>Processor: At least 1-GHz Pentium IV</p><p>Disk: At least 1 GB</p><p>Memory: At least 1 GB</p>\n<p>Graphics card: Must support OpenGL</p>\n<p>Monitor: Minimum resolution 1200×800 pixels</p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Licensing options:</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p>Nodelocked or cross-platform, floating license. Purchase options include perpetual, annual and monthly subscriptions.</p>\n<p>For enterprise floating and render licenses, <a href=\"https://borisfx.com/company/contact-us/\">contact us</a>.</p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Mocha Pro 2021 plug-in support:</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p>Adobe After Effects & Premiere Pro CC 2014-2020</p>\n<p>Avid Media Composer v8-2020</p>\n<p>Boris FX Silhouette, Foundry NUKE, Blackmagic Fusion, VEGAS Pro, HitFilm Pro</p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Workflow support:</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p>Adobe After Effects &amp; Premiere Pro <br />Avid Media Composer <br />Apple Final Cut Pro 7 &amp; Motion <br />Autodesk Flame, Maya &amp; 3DS MAX<br />Assimilate Scratch <br />Blackmagic Fusion &amp; DaVinci Resolve <br /><a href=\"/products/continuum\">Boris FX Continuum</a><br />\n<a href=\"/products/sapphire/\">Boris FX Sapphire</a><br />\nHitFilm Pro <br />Magix Vegas Pro <br />Maxon Cinema 4D <br />Foundry Nuke <br /><a href=\"/products/silhouette/\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"Silhouette\">Silhouette</a> <br /><a href=\"/products/mochablend-for-c4d\">MochaBlend for C4D</a><br />\n\nFor a detailed list of tracking, mask &amp; 3D data exports, view the exports chart.</p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>"
    },
    {
      "title": "COMPARE",
      "type": "Content",
      "background": "White",
      "content": "<center><a style=\"text-align:center;\" href=\"#compareMPSil\">Compare Mocha Pro & Silhouette</a></center><table class=\"table table-responsive table-bordered table-striped table-center\">\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Mocha Pro 2022</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Mocha in Continuum/Sapphire</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Mocha AE / Mocha HitFilm</strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Planar Tracking</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Roto &amp; Masking </span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr><tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">PowerMesh & Mesh Warp Stabilization </span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n</tr><tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Python Script Editor </span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">AdjustTrack Module</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr><tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">AdjustTrack 2.0</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>(Coming soon)</td>\n<td>(Coming soon)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Alembic Export</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Essentials Interface</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr><tr><td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Area Brush</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p> </p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Remove Module w/ Clean Plating</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr><tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Mega Plate Module</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Stabilization Module w/ Auto-Fill</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Lens Module</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Insert Module for Match Moves w/ Mesh Warper</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">3D Camera Solver</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i> </strong><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">(HitFilm Only)</span></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">360/VR </span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Stereoscopic 3D</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Standalone Application Option</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Integrated Plug-in Option</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr><tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">OpenColorIO</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Floating License &amp; BG Render Options</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">GPU Acceleration</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong>&nbsp;(AE Only)</p>\n</td>\n</tr><tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">GPU Accelerated Remove Module</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p> </p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p> </p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Magnetic Spline &amp; Freehand Spline Tools</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Export track, roto &amp; 3D data to wide range of hosts </span><em><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">(see exports chart)</span></em></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">macOS &amp; Windows Support</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Linux Support</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">(Sapphire Only)</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Magnetic Spline & Edge Snapping Roto Tools</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n\n<p>&nbsp;</p>\n<p><strong>NATIVE DATA EXPORTS</strong></p>\n<p>Running as standalone application and plug-in, Mocha can render tracked composites, tracked inserts, masks, object removal, stabilization, reorientation and lens correction.</p>\n\n<p>Mocha also exports native tracking, spline and 3D data in a wide variety of host formats:</p>\n\n<table class=\"table table-responsive table-bordered table-striped table-center\">\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Hosts and Formats</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Mocha Pro 2021</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Mocha in<br/>Continuum/Sapphire</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Mocha AE /<br/>Mocha HitFilm</strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Adobe After Effects CC</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking, Splines, 3D<sup>1</sup>, Lens<sup>2</sup></span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking &amp; Splines </span><em><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">(Mocha AE only) </span></em></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Adobe Premiere Pro CC </span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Splines</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Assimilate Scratch</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Autodesk Flame Family</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking, Splines, FBX, Alembic</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Autodesk Maya &amp; 3DS Max</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">FBX, Alembic</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Blackmagic Fusion</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking, Splines, FBX, Alembic</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Floxbox</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Foundry Nuke</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking, Splines, FBX, Alembic</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">HitFilm Pro</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking, Splines, FBX, Alembic</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking, Splines, 3D </span><em><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">(HitFilm Pro only) </span></em></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Maxon C4D</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">FBX, Alembic</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Mocha Blend</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking &amp; Splines</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Silhouette & Silhouette Paint</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking & Splines</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Quantel Rio</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Tracking</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n\n<sup>1</sup>Requires the free 3D Track Importer plug-in for After Effects (<a href=\"/downloads/?&product=Mocha%203D%20Track%20Importer\">download</a>)<br />\n\n<sup>2</sup>Requires the free Mocha Lens Importer plug-in for After Effects (<a href=\"/downloads/?&product=Mocha%20Lens%20Importer\">download</a>)\n\n<p><a name=\"compareMPSil\"></a><h2 style=\"font-style: normal;font-weight: 500;text-align:center; letter-spacing:0em;\">COMPARE MOCHA PRO & SILHOUETTE</h2></p><table class=\"table table-responsive table-bordered table-striped table-center\">\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Mocha Pro 2022</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Silhouette 2021</strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong>Bundle: Silhouette + Mocha Pro</strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Mocha Planar Tracking</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Award Winning Paint Tools with AutoPaint - including clone, blur, dodge & burn</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Rotoscoping & Masking</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Export Tracking and Roto Data</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr><td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">AdjustTrack Module</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Speciality Roto Tools - Inverse Kinematics,  Weighted Keyframe, Adv. RotoOverlay, etc </span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr><tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Node Based Compositing</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">145 VFX nodes including color correction, grain, glows & more</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Keying & Matte extraction nodes</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Morphing/Warping nodes</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Support for OFX Plug-ins</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Python Scripting</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong>(Standalone Only)</p>\n</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Lens Calibration Module</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Stabilization Module</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>&nbsp;</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Object Remove Module and Mega Plates</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr><tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Stereoscopic 3D</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">3D Camera Solver</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">360/VR workflow</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr><tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">OCIO Color Management</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n<p><span style=\"font-weight: 400;\">Multi-host plug-in option (Adobe, Avid, OFX)</span></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n<p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td><p><strong><i class=\"fa fa-check\"></i></strong></p></td>\n</tr>\n\n</tbody>\n</table>\n\n<p><span style=\"font-weight:bold;\">New Roto, Tracking & Paint Bundle!</span> We now offer Mocha Pro + Silhouette together. Run the industry’s leading tools together at great savings. Learn More.</p>"
    },  
	{
      "background": "Gray",
      "items": [
        {
          "image_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1604956633/video-thumbnails/mocha-2021-what-new.jpg",
          "title": "Mocha Pro 2021: What's New",
          "video_url": "https://borisfx.com/videos/mocha-pro-2021-what-s-new/"
        },     
		{
          "image_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1605024122/video-thumbnails/mocha-pro-2021-adjust-track.jpg",
          "title": "Mocha Pro 2021: Improved AdjustTrack Module",
          "video_url": "https://borisfx.com/videos/mocha-pro-2021-improved-adjusttrack-module/"
        },      
		{
          "image_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1605023665/video-thumbnails/mocha-pro-2021-intro-power-mesh.jpg",
          "title": "Mocha Pro 2021: Intro to PowerMesh",
          "video_url": "https://borisfx.com/videos/mocha-pro-2021-intro-to-powermesh/"
        },     		
		{
          "image_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1605024621/video-thumbnails/mocha-2021-alembic.jpg",
          "title": "Mocha Pro 2021: Alembic Exports for Nuke, Fusion, and C4D",
          "video_url": "https://borisfx.com/videos/mocha-pro-2021-alembic-exports-for-nuke-fusion-and-c4d/"
        },  		
		{
          "image_url": "https://borisfx-com-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto,fl_lossy/v1605026236/video-thumbnails/mocha-pro-2021-python.jpg",
          "title": "Mocha Pro 2021: Python Script Editor for the Plugin",
          "video_url": "https://borisfx.com/videos/mocha-pro-2021-python-script-editor-for-the-plugin/"
        }
      ],
      "title": "VIDEOS",
      "type": "Thumbnails"
    },
    {
      "title": "LEARN",
      "type": "feature_side",
      "background": "White",
      "content": "",
      "items": [
        {
          "content": "<p>Getting Started in Mocha Pro</p><p><span style=\"font-weight:bold;\">Mocha Fundamentals:</span></p><p>Whether you are working in Mocha AE, Mocha Pro or the integrated Mocha tools in Continuum or Sapphire, we recommend watching the Getting Started with Mocha training series.</p><p>Over 4 hours of training videos to help you get up and running quickly.</p><p><a href=\"/videos/?tags=category:Getting%20Started,product:Mocha&search=a\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"STream\">Stream it for free</a> or <a href=\"/products/getting-started-with-mocha-pro\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"purchase here\">purchase here</a> for downloadable projects and assets.</p><p>For hundreds of more Mocha training videos, visit <a href=\"/videos/?tags=category:Mocha%20TV&search=\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"Mocha TV\">Mocha TV</a>.</p>",
          "video_url": "https://youtu.be/VYxN1g9pjOg/?rel=0",
          "video_id": "VYxN1g9pjOg",
          "thumbnail_url": "https://img.youtube.com/vi/VYxN1g9pjOg/maxresdefault.jpg"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}